sdk(dotnet): diagnostic logger pointer (#4143)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/common/configuration/options.mdx

</ConfigKey>

<PlatformSection supported={["dotnet"]}>

> For app models that don't have a console to print to, such as WinForms and ASP.NET, you can <PlatformLink to="/configuration/diagnostic-logger/">customize the SDK's diagnostic logger</PlatformLink> to write to a file or to Visual Studio's debug window.

Reviewer: Since the content isn't there for these two frameworks, I'm not sure if we should mention them. 

```suggestion
For app models that don't have a console to print to, you can <PlatformLink to="/configuration/diagnostic-logger/">customize the SDK's diagnostic logger</PlatformLink> to write to a file or to Visual Studio's debug window.
```

> <ConfigKey name="diagnostic-level" supported={["dotnet"]}>
> 
> For app models that don't have a console to print to, such as WinForms and ASP.NET, you can <PlatformLink to="/configuration/diagnostic-logger/">customize the SDK diagnostic logger</PlatformLink> to write to a file or to Visual Studio's debug window.
> 
> </ConfigKey>

Author: ```suggestion
<PlatformSection supported={["dotnet"]}>

For app models that don't have a console to print to, such as WinForms and ASP.NET, you can <PlatformLink to="/configuration/diagnostic-logger/">customize the SDK's diagnostic logger</PlatformLink> to write to a file or to Visual Studio's debug window.

</ConfigKey>
```
